Privacy Policy.md, before:


# ROBOT IS CHILL - Privacy Policy

## Table of Contents

1. [Definitions](#definitions)
2. [Severability](#severability)
3. [Malleability](#malleability)
4. [Data Storage](#data-storage)
5. [Data Removal](#data-removal)

---

## 1. Definitions

In this document, **You** are defined as the entity reading and agreeing to these Terms.

The **Privacy Policy** is defined as this document, and all rules agreed to within.

The **Project** is defined as the Discord automated response bot `@ROBOT IS CHILL#1212`, or its beta branch, `@ROBOT IS CHILL AND BETA#6668`, and the underlying code for them.

Your **Data** is defined as any information of yours that is shared to the **Project**.

**Generated Content** is defined as any content created using the **Project**.

**User Content** is defined as any content uploaded to the **Project**.

The **Maintainers** are defined as the group of people maintaining the **Project**.

## 2. Severability

If any section of this **Privacy Policy** is considered unenforcable by local law, then the rest of the **Privacy Policy** is still enforced.

## 3. Malleability

This **Privacy Policy** may change at any time.

If this **Privacy Policy** is to change at any point in the future, the **Maintainers** will notify **You** of the changes if possible.

## 4. Data Storage

The **Project** may store:

- any **Generated Content**
- any **User Content**
- your Discord User Identifier, profile picture, and username

## 5. Data Removal

At any time, you may request the **Maintainers** remove your **Data** from the **Project**.

If you are to request your **Data** removed, the **Maintainers** must remove your **Data** from the **Project** at the earliest feasible time.

Commit message:

Update Privacy Policy to include command timestamp

Privacy Policy.md, after:


# ROBOT IS CHILL - Privacy Policy

## Table of Contents

1. [Definitions](#definitions)
2. [Severability](#severability)
3. [Malleability](#malleability)
4. [Data Storage](#data-storage)
5. [Data Removal](#data-removal)

---

## 1. Definitions

In this document, **You** are defined as the entity reading and agreeing to these Terms.

The **Privacy Policy** is defined as this document, and all rules agreed to within.

The **Project** is defined as the Discord automated response bot `@ROBOT IS CHILL#1212`, or its beta branch, `@ROBOT IS CHILL AND BETA#6668`, and the underlying code for them.

Your **Data** is defined as any information of yours that is shared to the **Project**.

**Generated Content** is defined as any content created using the **Project**.

**User Content** is defined as any content uploaded to the **Project**.

The **Maintainers** are defined as the group of people maintaining the **Project**.

## 2. Severability

If any section of this **Privacy Policy** is considered unenforcable by local law, then the rest of the **Privacy Policy** is still enforced.

## 3. Malleability

This **Privacy Policy** may change at any time.

If this **Privacy Policy** is to change at any point in the future, the **Maintainers** will notify **You** of the changes if possible.

## 4. Data Storage

The **Project** may store:

- any **Generated Content**
- any **User Content**
- your Discord User Identifier, profile picture, and username
- the date and time of the last command ran on a per-server basis

## 5. Data Removal

At any time, you may request the **Maintainers** remove your **Data** from the **Project**.

If you are to request your **Data** removed, the **Maintainers** must remove your **Data** from the **Project** at the earliest feasible time.
